what happens Swiss family arcore are the
twelve noon I woke up does
Little is a little late to wake up
but good is summer and I want to say that
we are going to Paris my intention is to record
all the trip we are going to give an excursion
through the catacombs of Paris and good I'll
to try to record everything possible
that we are seeing so far are the
two in the afternoon we are at the airport
from málaga
and we are about to leave for paris
I have to enter through that door of 60
so when we arrive in Paris we continue
recording this time
Well , it's just come to me
hotel room I'm already in Paris and
those things here that I do not know what they are but
I do not intend to eat what I want
I so many mirrors because this mirror
here contains a surprise and surprise
is
the bathroom now what I'm going to do is
rest a bit and within one hour
or so to dine that tomorrow you have to
early because we are going to the
catacombs of paris so any
thing that I see the vibes abando and
see you what happens guys are 7
the morning today I have had to get up early
and what we are going to do is go down to
have breakfast then let's go to the preview
of the movie and then we'll go to the
catacombs and there already in navarra little things
so you can see how it is and everything
that's like early morning in early morning molar
good guys I'm about to enter
the streaming of the movie and how am I
very blind I need to put action and hunted
so I want to know something and good
let's see how the movie is
and we go there
yes
good
h
and a lot
why
yes
Thank you
hello guys I'm here in the catacombs
from paris that I have left
a little alone and I'm
looking for the exit
yes
Hello
do not